Hey
are you would like to begin with
a sharp audio by step group on
one of the aspects of
engineering.
Please speak with your eyes
closed.
If you have loved one person in
your life,
you would find these 2 hands are
not enough.
So definitely for all the beings
in this world, these 2 hints are
not enough.
But just because our hands are
small,
just because our hands are
small,
we don't have to make ourselves
small.
Just look into yourself and see
there is enough space where
everybody in your being.
It is only
limitation of action,
but in terms of experience, in
terms of your ability to
include,
there is simply no limit.
Our hands are small.
This should not compel us to
make ourselves small small.
Hello,
Mere NASEEB.
Hey,
continue to sit with your eyes
closed. Take a minute and give
you the crash call. Rocky Night
Engineering.
Remind yourself about the
expense of the program.
Hi
Run is offered for us experience
software, practice it on a
regular basis and it is also a
way for us to stay connected and
take some time for our media
growth now.
I'm focused between your
eyebrows. Do believe
then then any focus between your
I engage the bundle
denied to speak with your
eyebrows with their slightly up
and pay my hopes between India.
The Labour women of 6
tell me we're doing that crap
together.
Wait,
Movie
3 Panel review
Rooney.
Hat comes up, Smile arches
downward
paw As you excel, take your
heading. Bring your Rainey to
the forehead,
Pi As you inhale, take your
right left back that comes up
smiley houses. Now word
has comes Riya had down, right
knee goes back to the original
position, left knee to the
forehead
take your lap. Lap Pack Hack
comes up by axis toward
8,
It comes down. Lakme goes back
to the original position. Spy
Artist Upgrade
9 Inhale. It comes ups by
answers. Download
10. Go back to the starting
position.
Second cycle
2.
Shray
Paw
Bye
N
Search Psycho
2.
Stree
Paw
Bye
Says
7,
9,
relax
now we were do the Shambhavi
Mahamudra Kriya together please.
Sitting at Asda Sanna.
So sitting in at that product
Khana in first do that shukriya
for 62710
then how yoga mudra and after
that does now arm for 21 times
ROMR should be adult for an
approximately equal amount of
time.
You should notice the vibrations
moving from the neighbour to the
tip of the nose.
Then with that lightly up him
face and Mayo focus between your
eyebrows. You do the Viparit
task workflow of fluttering of
the breath for 3 to 4 minutes.
Then when changing the focus
between your eyebrows, you
engage the bundas order locks.
After the bandas, continue to
sit with your eyes closed with a
slightly Upton face, mayor
focused, literary, your higher
browser and watch the natural
movement of the brass for 5 to 6
minutes.
We were keep that timing for
you.
Once you finish, the bad that
you keep continue to close your
eyes.
And after the watching the
movement of your breath, we were
being chanting the Brahmanas.
That's what we're back together
now. Please close your eyes.
Take your eyes closed throughout
the Courier.
Shukriya, you can stop
look Atria
I.
Ah.
We paratas. What fluttering of
the breath
bandas blocks.
Please continue to sit with your
eyes closed.
You may relax your posture to a
more comfortable cross legged
posture. Keep your hands facing
upward upon your thigh.
With your eyes closed,
chant along with me.
And after the chant is over,
let's maintain
a few minutes of silence through
this whole period. Please keep
your eyes closed
and see if you can remain still
during the period of silence.
The mantra that you will chant
now is a consecrated sound.
It could be used with phenomenal
impact,
especially those of you who are
struggling with lack of focus,
fear, disturbed lives.
It could make a lot of
difference
just this sounds.
This is a certain arrangement of
sounds assimilated in a certain
way and consecrated for a
specific purpose.
You are not only change this
now, you can also make use of
this wherever you may be.
Whenever you need this.
This is also
a means for you to access me.
If you want a living presence
of who I am,
this is a simple way for you to
find that access.
Shah
Ramanand Swara
Jo ka Esha Jagadeesha Akhila
Anand Swaroopa
Eesha Mahesha
Anand
He Shah.
Shah
Kilalan Swaroop
He
Hey Shah.
Anand Swaroop
He
the
Killa
Yesha.
Hey Shah
Anand Swaroop
he.
The
Iland Dasara
he
hai sha
Anand,
yeah.
Killa.
Yes,
Esha.
Hey, Shah.
Yes,
ye
the
Akella.
Yes,
he Sanam
haan
Anand.
Hey,
the
Killa.
Yes.
Yep.
Hey,
Anand.
He
the.
Yes,
Karo
he,
Shah
Rahman
he.
The
Akella.
Haan
Anand desi
he
Shah
akila.
Yes,
ye
hey.
He
the
Kela?
Yes,
Esha,
Engage
Rahman. That's
Esha.
The
Killa,
that is.
He.
Hey,
Mahananda Swaroopa.
He
the
Kielland Swaroopa.
He
Hey, Shah.
Take your own time.
Take your own time. Slowly.
Very, very slowly
open eyes.
Okay, open your eyes.
Now we have a few minutes to
reflect and see how the last
amounts has been for you
Rahasya experience in being like
or even otherwise
how your daddy sadhna is going.
You can take a minutes to
reflects
Message with the ice creams.
Hey, would be wonderful if you
could share your experience.
Who would like to share?
You can share by posting
hosting your sharing on the chat
well box.
Everyone can share
Venkata share very peaceful and
energetic.
Thanks for the Isha and
volunteer
Oliver share Wonderful
Uday share. I have been doing
sharp enough for about 6 months.
I see that I have become commer
in my energy levels have
increased. I have also become a
lot more patients,
Anand Bhaskar shared. Became
more peaceful and enjoying
joyful
Violet Titan share. Experienced
the high after the like weekend
and awesome energy increase the
first week. Then had a low
during day. 810 Capco doing the
practice twice a day. Now facing
a higher again its an up and
down. Thanks
bring dad, share it badly
constrained to release the data
from another lot separately.
Always believe by mountainously.
Hopefully I can do it soon
correctly.
Chatra Share Namaskaram Expire
runs many miracles and positive
changes in my life.
Pyang Hing Young Ishare I have
recently started practicing
Surya Kriya and it is not in the
way enhancing Masala. I would
like to encourage everyone to
launch the Recrea
Maheswara. Share a list of few
days he was difficult gradually
getting adopted
Anita share. I also have become
more patient
not as is very stress of
frustrating with things not
going the way I expected.
Jacaranda share peaceful and
joyful feeling. Mohali
Haha share he has been amazing
experience. Thank you to all the
volunteers for making possible
Ritika share. Namaskara
Shambhavi had made a huge
difference in my life and
enabled me to feel calm evening
stressful situation. Though I am
sometimes unable to stick to my
daily sadhana due to time, Work
Casual
was tried to get back to daily
planner
Okay
Rayon Shahad Namaskar Rama
recently talking my first work
in doing Shambhavi before work
everyday has made my day very
peaceful despite the world laws
and tax.
Krish Sharma, Chairman, priority
that becoming clearer and I am
being able to tell the
difference between a temporary
distraction in a life priority
In moments when I'm really
negative.
Destiny
List makes the unable to snap
out of negative circles and move
to
the
move to song to feeling light,
player headache and enjoying
folk purpose for
more quickly then I used to.
I'll go hero land. Need to take
external validation
range hair
I experience have experience
wonderful things already. They
buy on starting 3 weeks ago, but
the crowning call has
disappeared even though I am
more patient and feels so. But I
do revert back to psychological
dramas from time to time. I'm
just driving to become more
concerned,
Okay. So now we have some time
for our practice related
question. You can type your
question on the chat box
if you have any questions
regarding the practice.
Does thinking name affect empty
summer condition? No. You can
take the Neem and turmeric, Just
a small nimbo and turmeric be
bought. A. Practice
how to release the locks step by
step.
Show
when you ask this question
weather youre clear about the
instructions or not.
Is quite important that you you
are clear with the instructions
and with the practice. Slowly
you can do it along with that
practice. So how to do
I think like me repeat the loss?
The steps after loss once again
so you inhale Holy. After the
installation is complete, you
take your hair back, check your
chin and bring it down. There
are 3 movements like this.
Taking your hair back talking
again and bring it down.
This is the narlock. And then as
soon as you do this you prove
your dad from this dadara law
and then construct end of
muscles and folder up. This is
DNA lot. If stayed here as long
as it comfort comfortable for
you it is called Kumbhaka. So
you take Jhumka as long as it
comfortable for you. When you
feel like it fairly you bring
your head up. Excel Youda
Nostros after the appellation is
complete
to take your hand back, take
your changing and bring it down.
The other 2 locks are still
intact. So you stay in this
emptiness of day in Shunya ka.
The emptiness of stay in the
Shunya ka. I stay here as long
as comfortable for you where you
feel like inhaling you bring
your head up, inhale through the
nostrils. After the installation
is complete then relax the dabra
lot. Only after you relax the
dat release the time from lock
you release The analogue
needs to happen in this order so
very you need to clear about the
tabs and then later with the
practice you can do it across
that. If after one month of
practicing Shambhavi Mahamudra
right, if you still not able to
get the locks properly, then you
need to see whether there is
some weakness in your to some
other parts of the body. And if
it is that case then you need to
look at
to start with some Hata yoga
practice to enhance to stabilise
your body.
Lakshmi can you explain Sukriya?
So Sukriya you sitting you
sitting on the dock planner left
hand pump waiting up hours
loosely on your left the whole
arms are loose and relaxed and
use your right hand to do this.
Kriya, you use the thumb and
little girl. You press your
right noshow and excel border
left nostril
then inhale product and nostro.
After the inhalation is
complete, hue open the right and
block the left nostril with the
little finger and excel filter
left nostril
and then again I have through
the San Nostro. After the
installation is complete, switch
Excel through the left.
When you do took Atria, Please
remember to point,
but you always start and end
Ocrea with an acceleration
through the Lucknow shop
and only after the installation
you change the knock joke, if
which after the inhalation
YouTube Lokpriya being
absolutely focused on the brand,
the Kriya will not become a
Kriya unless your mind, your
branch become one. So do it.
Being absolutely focused on that
place to eat slowly, gently,
day. As slowly as an gently as
it is possible for you.
Okay
Brinda, is there any way to
ensure I do not release both the
local second the same time
during the Mundas? I already
explained this questions
earlier. You need to clear about
the instructions and along with
it sometimes practice you can
get it.
Manoharan Namaskaram is dial not
able to get the pandas correct.
Still practicing.
Yeah, just like why they just
now for nuclear. The the
instruction and with a few more
days of practice used to be able
to get it right.
Case Chambaka and Shunya Khan
Nidhi to be equal amount of time
as long as possible. So when you
do the bandas, the important
thing is that you stay in
Kumbakonam or Suniaga as long as
it is comfortable for you.
He is one of us were have a
different Lang capacity. So the
time is different and you don't
need to make ensure that the
timing of super Kumbhaka and
Sunantha is the Sen Just stay
there as long as comfortable for
you generally. Generally the
timing for Khambata will be
longer than the Shunyata.
Can you explain flattering of
the grass
so you keep your face likely up
and a mile focus between your
eyebrows and get your breathing
to a flutter. Flutter means both
in and out, down rapidly. It
just happened Eddy very end of
your nostro, very garo. It is
not deep breath. Breathing is
the Sharon breathing and you
drink as fast as you can.
If we
Jang chi, if we practice
Shukriya up my Shambhavi, do we
need to sitting on our with
apana?
Yeah you need to sitting on
Gaana Priya
Anita. I find that when I do
spluttering of the brass, if he
use the big difference every
time I do it and the page on my
breath changes even during each
practice. How can I be more
consistent?
So you make sure
first you make sure you keep
your face slightly at 10:00 and
Mayo focus between your eyebrows
and for and do the flattering.
So your focus should be home the
brat you do the fracturing and
sinks. He just do you. When you
do the factory you just remember
to points. Sharon is a Charu
breathing not a deep breathing.
And then do it as fast as you
can
and each time depends on your
your physical condition, your
pathological condition. Every
time the feeling may be
different. It is okay. You just
talk to the correct instruction
of the flowering of the brand
slightly. Options myo focus
between your eyebrows and get
your breathing to a flutter.
Flutter means both think and
outs down rapidly. Address the
list of your nostro
Brinda. I get very out of breath
while fluttering. I hope you
will get better in time. So the
reason why you out of crisis
because your inhalation and
escalation is not approximately
equal. So you need to be
conscious to bring their balance
between your inhalation and
affiliation. And you can
continue for 3 to 4 minutes just
be a weather of the innovation
and affiliation in and out.
How to tack the chain properly
during Banda.
How to know the neck is the law
properly.
If you can talk touching
properly, the net law is locked
properly. So how to check the
change is you take your hair
back and don't bring your hat
down directly. So you take your
head back, your hat stays there
and then that your changing
and then bring it down.
So you need to make sure that
this is 33 movement. In this you
take your feedback to move your
hand. Just take your Chennai and
then bring it down,
okay
things. We have limited timing.
We can look at the questions
after this session.
So
now
there are few exciting enough,
there are some exciting
announcements we would like to
share with you. I think all of
you have already been receiving
this information about the
curries coming to Australia in
Sydney. So this is the one. They
are the bank be arrange all
program first time ever.
It is not merely a program, it
is an immense way of grazing
energy. So offer for the first
time ever. This one day long
program is an opportunity to be
went away in the nameless Galaxy
as the growth takes us through
powerful processes and
meditation.
No, any Alipurduar. End tomorrow
and
you can
recommend this programme to your
friends and they need to do the
inner engineering programming so
they are qualify for this
program. Its a very wonderful
opportunity to be with Sadguru
and because of this program we
also have a lot of opportunities
for all the volunteers across
the world I would say. So things
Sydney in Australia we will open
order center.
Paw can we go to the next line
we were open for.
We will open this volunteering
opportunity then registration to
all and in other center we are
going to open the centre
everyday for volunteers to come
and so you can see that in
Melbourne, Durgambe, Sydney,
Brisbane, Perth all this open
everyday one one hour or 122
hours so you can make use of
this time.
It is the opportunity to be with
the volunteers. In being with
the volunteers who is willing in
most who is willing is the very
is your rating it. Hearing every
time I have the this opportunity
to be with the volunteer is the
always makes me to to wonder
that if we have more people like
this in the world the world will
be definitely be a different
world. So you can make use of
this opportunity.
It is not only for your personal
growth but also but by doing
this we are after contributing
to the world around that. The
main use update time and if you
are interesting you can visit
the link below.
N
pal
if you are not able to come to
the centres you can also be at
home and join them online
activity. We always uh talk with
the present time and there are
some daily satta enough so you
can join as 6:15 PM local time
for the present time and then
later on there will be some
volunteering activities that
equating for sacros in Sydney
program. So we need a lot of
people
dial join this, this, the
offering so that we can touch as
many as as many people as
possible. So you can choose to
do one hour or 22 hour law
and of course we will be
offering the inning engineering
afresh. So it is done for. Its
an opportunity for you to
experience one of the steps of
the new inner engineering and
you are getting information from
time to time in WhatsApp online
group.
And of course this is the new
engineering format in the 7
Steps to Transform Your Life
with Sadguru.
And this month, this year the
magazine falls from the 13th
December and
we are happy to announce this UH
Katana.
It's a time for your stability
and balance from it from 15
December and TO 14 January.
The magazine Sadhna is available
at the Isha Yoga Centre for
21 days, 14 days, 7 days, 5
days, 3 days
Describe the registration will
be available soon
and schedule For this UH
magazine Sadhna is specially
designed by Satguru and increase
the powerful Mahamantra
chanting, evening silence,
theerkum, deep and conducive
diets. So the registration will
open very soon
and during this month of the
backroads where have several
data
17 December 24, 31st, 7th,
January 20 for the 24th and 31st
December Dashta. He will be
available online
and the other donations will be
available at the latest physical
locations. If you are interested
to know this, you can get
contact with your local
volunteer coordinators.
So now we will be going through
Sangrur going through program
video. Sadguru talks about the
significance of the magazine.
Mark
Face painting Aadhkhana with
your Palm Painting Awards.
We are at
time of the year
which is considered.
Significant
for those who are on the
spiritual path,
Lutterman month of Margali
starts from 16th.
What is the significance of this
month?
It is a this time of the year
that the planet Earth is closest
to the sun,
so if this should have been the
hottest month. But this is a
time when the planet is shy of
the sun and the northern face
faces away from the sun.
In the Southern hemisphere, this
is the
of the ENU Northern hemisphere.
This is the coolest part of the
year
because the northern hemisphere
or the northern face of the
planet is facing away from the
sun,
but it is closest.
So in terms of temperature.
Because of the closeness to the
sun,
the angle at which the sun's
rays hit the planet is very
diffused. But in terms of sun's
gravity functioning on the
planet right now, it is it is at
the highest.
So the maximum pull of the
songs Gravity is functioning
upon the planet at this time.
So this Margali month is a time
to bring balance to the system.
It is like if something is
flying all over, if you just
pull it,
it gets centralised.
So that is the effect that the
Margali month has on the human
system.
It proves you from the base,
so it brings balance and
stability,
recognising this,
that one needs to bring balance
and stability. This is a time
one. There are practices in the
yogic system
which is transmitted itself into
culture in many different ways.
This is a time when men will do
what generally what women are
supposed to do and women will do
what men are supposed to do.
In the sense
in Tamil Nadu there is a culture
that this is a time when men
will go on nagada, sang Kirtan.
That means men will practice
devotion. They will sing.
Singing and devotion is largely
considered feminine, so men will
practice this.
Women will practice making
geometrical figures. Geometry
and masculinity are very
directly connected.
If a woman sees something that's
not, say, woman. If feminine
sees something, it will always
pay maximum significance to the
colour and form of that.
If the masculine sees something,
it always sees the geometry
first and then the colour and
the form. So it is this month
woman practice
geometry
not on paper, but in front of
their homes
through the Margali month. Every
woman is supposed to draw
geometrical figures.
Of course, today you have
templates. There are no good.
You must practice geometry
because shifting from colour and
form to geometrical shapes and
forms.
This is a simple
transformation of a certain
science into a cultural
dimension
because of the closeness to the
sun. Because of a general pool
downward Muladhara becomes the
most dominant.
Because Muladhara becomes most
dominant, the preservative
nature
of life becomes dominant in the
body.
In the yogic system we would say
when the preservation is
dominant,
this is not a time to grow.
All life in the northern
hemisphere is that its minimum
right now? The growth of the
tree, the plant and if you plant
a seed you can see this. The
growth will be slowest at this
time, not only because of the
temperature, because of a
general pool downward.
So because the growth will be
very,
because the growth will be held
back because of a certain
inertia in the life force.
This is the time the body can
recoup itself. This is a time
body can preserve itself well.
The inertia caused in all
aspects of life
because of the closeness of the
sun and being on the wrong side.
Everything being pulled down,
see it will not sprout very
well.
Recognising this Margali, the
month of Margali, there never
are any marriages in Tamil Nadu.
Still it is being maintained
because this is not a time
for conception.
Even those who are in in the
life of householders, even a
grihasta practices Brahmacharya
for this. Generally it is based
on this. You see, people are
going to the hills 40 days of
Brahmacharya before they go
there, because this is not a
time for conception, because the
seed will not sprout as well as
it would another time.
So in the science of breeding
the right kind of human beings,
Margali is not the time to
conceive.
There are many aspects attached
to this.
We don't have to go by that
because it will develop a whole
prejudice against the December
born people.
No, December born is not the
problem. December conceived?
Not necessarily so.
It is just that
to
sink our lives
with the natural movements of
the Earth,
to see that we ride the cycles
of this planet. We are not
crushed by the cycles of this
planet in the process of
evolving life.
When I say in the process of
evolving life, I'm not talking
about
how to make monkeys into human
beings. I am talking about how
to make human beings into
better human beings.
Better. Not just physically
better, not just mentally, but
as a life, a better life.
Oh, is one life better than the
other?
This is a
difficult thing, but
if you closely observe one life
to another,
you will see how one life
functions. Not in terms of
social actions, not in terms of
capability and competence.
Simply how life functions within
the system is different from
person to person.
The system of yoga is seeing how
to make this life function.
Atheist people think highest
means will I be the most
successful person in the planet?
Will I run 100 metres ins for
many seconds?
Better does not mean that.
Better simply means as a piece
of life it is better.
There is no context
to speak about this dimension in
normal
parlance or in English language
particularly. There is no way to
say it because life is all same.
Yes, life is all same but it can
function better.
If you allow it, it will
function better. If you do not
allow it, it will not function
as well.
Whether we like it or we don't
like it, that's how it is. One
the same. You must see there is
a beautiful example. In the
Spanda Hall garden we planted 2
nagalingam trees.
One we have taken care of them
equally well. One has grown and
flowered, other is always
struggling.
There are different reasons for
that, but it's like this.
In the same home, 2 children are
born. One just flourishes within
himself, another struggles all
the way
because for life to happen, it
needs a conducive atmosphere.
Creating that conducive
atmosphere and allowing life to
happen better
this time of the year has
maximum possibility in this
direction
you know about.
Definitely. You know about this
story of Bhishma waiting to
cross this Dakshinayana
Uttarayana before he left his
body
because he wants to be
out of this pull to the South.
South is called down is called
South. So if it is pulling down,
the Mooladhara will be
strongest. The preservative
aspect will be strongest. He
does not want to leave at that
time. He wants the sun to move
away to a place where there is
an upward pull to his body.
There is an upward pull to his
being so that he can ascend in a
proper way.
The Margali is significant for a
spiritual seeker because
it brings a natural sense of
stability into the system,
particularly those who are
suffering from any kind of
ailments,
particularly psychological
imbalances. This is a good time
to balance because the sun's
energy and the sun's gravity is
pulling downward. One can
stabilise themselves
stability
if you have pulled upward.
So this is called as Sadhana
pada and this is the peak of
sadhana that if you do the
necessary sadhana at this time,
generally traditionally people
don't want to miss the Brahma
Muhurtham in this month that is
at 3:40, they are all up and
there are various processes to
keep in touch with water.
There are many systems and many
cultural practices and yogic
practices to keep in touch with
water. Because water is the
largest element within you and
water is one thing that could
slosh.
If your waters are not proper,
it will cause imbalance in the
system.
In the yogic system,
if there is a psychological
imbalance, it is always seen as
water element going out of
control.
Because if you have a tank full
of water and shake it, it will
slosh. If you have a tank full
of sand or mud, it will not
slash the same way. So the water
element is what causes various
levels of imbalance in a person
if the right kind of things are
not done with it.
So traditionally there are
various practices to be in touch
with water. One of the simplest
thing is people always went into
Temple pond at 3:40 in the
morning to take a dip. It would
be good.
We should we should keep our
Tirthika open early this month,
from 16th to 13th or 14th of
January. We must keep it open
very early. Those who want to
make use of it can make use of
it,
bringing stability to the waters
within
psychological balance.
Only when there is psychological
balance and physiological
balance and energy balance will
you dare to climb
otherwise
a little. One step. If
everything shakes inside of you,
you will only step backwards
there. Any number of spiritual
seekers who are constantly one
step forward, one step backward,
one step forward, one step
backward, because the moment
they take a forward step, they
will notice imbalance and they
will come back.
This is happening to too many
people because not enough
sadhana towards stabilising
themselves. This particular
month offers a phenomenal
opportunity to stabilise oneself
because of the way the
relationship between the sun and
the Earth is such that it
creates maximum stability.
Stability also means inertia.
It's not mobile, it is table
so it causes a certain level of
inertia and also stability. So
this month is used for stability
and the next month the Thai is
used for mobility. If you have
created enough stability
stability within you, then only
you would dare to be mobile.
Only if you are riding a
bicycle, only if you are well
balanced will you dare to move.
Otherwise you will sit on a
bicycle with the stand on. Yes,
yes, that's how life is
happening for lot of people
because of the fear of
instability. They sit on a
bicycle. With the stand on,
you can paddle, you can get some
exercise, but you're not going
anywhere.
Sumangali is a blessed month
which is used for various
processes
across the Shiva temples in the
South. There are various events
happening
on 16th, 17th, 18th of this
month.
The one important step is the
Arudra poojas that happened.
Rudra means a roller,
somebody who
who is very effervescent more
than effervescent a roar.
Arudra means stable,
not roaring.
Arudra also suggests a certain
inertia because rudra suggest
movement and creation. Arudra
suggests no movement and a
certain inertia. There is
inertia. There is enormous
inertia in this
part of the ear, but
the wise should make use of
whatever there is,
and we need a certain level of
inertia to bring stability. When
you want to bring stability, The
thing is to slow down. If you
lose balance, the first thing is
to slow down.
So this is a time when
everything slows down and people
want to make use of it and that
is why this Margali has become
significant in
in a spiritual seekers life.
You are my perfect Meri. You
show me what I am in the end
this spell one one was
Laya and Laye
Dhupia of May the Day
Pray
thank you. So when Mewa Ramna
showing me Moraki. Thank you,
Elsley.
Now we will be going through
meditation. Caliban's Satguru.
We will do a simple process. I
will guide you through this.
Just go with me
if you do not understand
something or
there there are some variety of
people here.
Should I pick out all those
little loud people and throw
them out or it's OK?
Hello.
They scream. They scream. You
ignore them. OK,
this doesn't mean you can
scream.
Please close your eyes.
Those of you wearing spectacles.
Please, Sir, keep it aside.
Sit with the slightly up and
face your hands facing upward,
loose and relaxed.
Take a deep breath
and as you exhale,
relaxation to the installation.
Take one more deep breath
and as you exhale,
you relax even more into this
one.
Take another deep breath.
Relax completely with this
exhalation.
You are should remain close
throughout.
Visualise yourself
upon a pristine
sandy beach.
Visualise yourself
standing
upon a pristine
sandy beach.
Look at the
sparkling,
translucent blue green water
of the ocean.
Feel the tinge of salt in your
breath.
Visualise with as much detail as
possible.
Myself you are sadhguru is
standing by your side.
Hold my hand
if you are a woman.
Your whole my left hand.
If you are a man, you hold my
right hand.
Fail the hand
when the breeze feel the
sunlight
failed the whole atmosphere.
Now we are slowly walking
towards the ocean.
Feel
fill your step in the sandy soil
slowly.
Yeah.
Here. Your mouth also should be
closed,
your eyes closed. Your mouth
also closed.
All of you
feel the sand beneath your feet
crunching as you step on it.
Holding my hand slowly, lets
walk into the water.
Your needy
in the warm womb like water,
feel all the sensations.
Look out
the sparkling surface of the
water,
the air,
the smell
of the ocean.
Walk with me. Slowly
tighten your grip on my hand and
slowly walk in.
The water is up to your naval.
Feel The calming impact that
the oceans water has upon your
body.
Feel all the sensations
we are walking further.
Water comes up to your chest.
See how your breath
and your heartbeat slowing down
with relaxation?
Just fill this
the sensations of being in the
water.
Tighten your grip on my hand.
We walk further
up to your neck.
Just notice how your breath and
your heartbeat slowing down
with relaxation.
This is like being in the womb.
The warmth of the water,
the comforting sensations of
water,
this body of water,
and your body of water
all perfectly In Sync.
Tighten your grip on my hand.
As long as you hold my hand, you
will be able to breathe under
the water.
We walk further
into the water.
You are able to breathe
comfortably underwater.
We are walking further into the
ocean, well beneath the surface
of the water field. The ocean.
See the sides around you.
Schools are fish moving around
like colourful flowers,
above all the sensation of being
underwater,
the slowing down of breath,
slowing down of your heartbeat
and you coming to an utter state
of relaxation as we walk
further, deeper and deeper into
the ocean.
Fill it every step, every
breath, every heartbeat, and
tighten your grip on my hand.
Now we go very deep into the
ocean,
holding my hand
tight and secure.
You are able to breathe and also
see
clearly
your breath and your heartbeat
have settled down,
sinking with everything around
you.
Just breathe.
Exactly
as I breathe.
Just breathe with me, hold my
hand and breathe with me
like this.
Regulate your breath with my
breath.
Regulate your breath with my
breath.
Regulate your heartbeat
with my heartbeat. Don't do
anything about it. Just keep the
breathing as it is and your
heartbeat will sink with mine
and
In Sync with Mother Earth.
Titan, your grip upon my hand,
we walk further. We walk further
and further into the very womb
of this earth,
absolutely In Sync with her own
heartbeat.
Your heartbeat. Your breath in
perfect sync
with Mother Earth's
heartbeat, and breath
into very deep
recesses of the Ocean
Dog, but very clear
in absolute harmony
with everything around you.
You stand with me
in total sync with Mother Earth,
in total harmony
with the one who bore you,
in absolute harmony
with the Mother Earth, who has
given you this body, this
breath, this heartbeat,
in absolute harmony with her.
You stand with me in the very
bottom of the ocean,
now, slowly holding my hand.
Slowly we are rising up in the
water.
Very slowly rising up
towards the surface, very slowly
rising up,
up,
up, folder, up. You are
beginning to see a little bit of
light
slowly grading brighter, water
getting warmer as you come up,
light getting brighter and the
water getting warmer as you come
towards the surface
and as you break out of the
surface,
looking at the clear sky, bright
light
and the air that you breathe
in absolute harmony
with all thats around you,
In absolute harmony
with
the earth of which you are just
apart.
You keeping time with the beat
of your heart.
You keep in time with your
inhalations and exhalations,
just in perfect harmony with
Mother Earth's breath and
heartbeat.
Your sense of time
and her sense of time
has become one.
Your sense of time
and Mother Earth's sense of time
is now in perfect harmony.
Colo Majana ATI:.
Anjana Sati
Ravi Samarpanam
Drishti Domyos Itava Mahakal,
Yogeshwara Kalakar
Yogya Ishwara Kalakar Kalakar.
Take your own time. Take your
own time. Slowly. Very, very
slowly
open your eyes.
About to be together, right? We
hope that you are staying well
and healthy and we look forward
to the
being with you. Smart class
within vocation. Those who have
questions can stay back
Sadhna Sala Kannada Kama Sonam
ka
bharatiya. Mahila Kangan
Umm Shanti.
Shanthi Shanthi.
If you have any questions, you
can proceed your chat
drawing another
If we aim to wake up around 3:40
AM, around what time is left
to sleep? That depends
Mukhya on schedule.
If you want to wake up and
uh 340 and to your practice,
maybe you need to
Bhairavi Arya,
can we do the practice after the
midnight kala
and midnight sathyakala? You
should avoid doing the practice
that is from 1140 to 1220
and then after 1220 you can do
your practice by usually we
dont. It's not recommended you
just be if you are not working
in night shifts. If you can do
your priorities earlier.
Sadguru Dasha will be live
streamed the 24 and the
31st.
We will be sending this
information groups.
Is it okay to take a bath right
after practice? Sham Shambhavi.
So if you are taking
warm water shower or around body
temperature, you need to wait
for 15 minutes. If it is a call
water shower, you need to give
20 to 25 minutes gap.
Can we go through the Bangladesh
once again and when you stop
Deham hostel when do the arm
chanting for the for the
Yogamudra. The hand in the hand
mudra mudra you hope from the
arm camping and theory end you
keeps this yoga mudra
and for the pandas. So the
sequence is you inhale full way.
After the installation is
complete you take your head back
on your chin and bring it down
and then hold the dark brown in.
Then constrict **** muscles and
hold and up. Stay there as long
as it's comfortable for you.
When you feel I expelling you
bring your head up. Excel
through the nose stroke. After
the acceleration is complete,
take your hair back
if you will see numbering it
down they there as long as it is
comfortable for you. When you
feel like unhealthy, bring your
head up in health through the
nose shows. After the
installation is complete, relax
that that from and then relax
the analogue
Okay.
Is it okay to jump stray into
Isha Kriya after Shambhavi? Yes
you can.
You need to reduce them. Mundra,
open your eyes and then do the
Isha Kriya.
Today I'm struggling with the
focus. So when you are doing the
Shambhavi, when the time that
you are aware that your focus is
not on that practice, you just
moving back,
OK, thats all
okay and if there is no
questions we will close.
Thank you very much.